RestAssured
in restassured all the input parameters will come under given section

There are 3 sections in postman
Given: consists of all input parameters which we are sending to server
Then:All the output parameters which we are receive from server will come under Then
When: method while we are sending will come under when

here given , then, when are not cucumber gherkin wkeywords. these are coming from restassured library
--------------

In RestAssured we have static packages:
packages into which only specific method is going to call

static packages consumes lesser amount od memory
bcoz when we are calling static it directly call class refernce



-------------------
with Jackson-binding dependency we can pass map  input  in restassured


-------------
Authentication: whether ur legitimate user or not

Types of authentication

1..Basic:

the client is simple sending usename and passoword in the encoding format to the server and server will respond

 

the encryption of username and password will be done with the help of encoding i.e,. base64 encoding

base64 encoding:
here encoding mechanism is loosely coupled . anyone can can access. this is drawback 


a. primitive basic authentication:  server id not going to ask username nd password  . client directly send username nd password


given().log().all().auth().preemptive().basic("uname","pswd")



b. non primitive basic authentication:iserver needs to ask credentials to cliernt. client going to send . . if senrver wont ask client wont send


given().log().all().auth().basic("uname","pswd")




2, Digestive authentication:
 we are using nd5 or sha mechanism for encrypt data



3.Bearer Token authentication:
h
Bearer Token is kind of encrypted data which server going to be assigned to client. when we login to application the token is going to generate in the form of alpha numeric
this token is generated by server

here token needs to pass on the headers

.headers("Autherization",Bearertoken)


4.API Key Authentication:
API key is generated from server and assigned to client. 

here keys will passs through query param


5.AUTH  Authentication:
when we open any application. application willask login to google or  emaili.e,. Autherization request (1). will give google. then  user give  autherrization grant(2)

with autherization grant then will go to autherization server and check the request(3) .  then it will give you access the access token(4)


then application  will take   access token (5)and got to resource server and will get protected resource(6)

.

Here we have 2 servers 
autherization server
protected resource


HERE we are having 2 authentications so will call as AUTH 2.0

now this is using in all modern applications


-----------------
API Chaining/service chaining ; response of one resource will become input of another resource
----------------------------

Serialization:
convertion of java file or code into stream of bytes /json. we are sending data to API in the form of JSON


DeSerialization:
convertion of stream of bytes /json into java file or code. we arestoring data in the database


wirh objectMapper class  we can do serialization and deserialization

------------
we send file in .multipart("file","f")
and  multipart will  pass inn given(). 
-------------
session filter:
when we login any application there is session id will be assigned to an application.
if wee are running multiple requests with same session id  we can do with session filter.


session filter is used when we are using same session id subsequently




